I worked on this homework with Masooma Sarfraz and Miles Garcia. I also discussed with many other classmates (Shar, Tali, Paula, Sid, and Zach). We also went over our code with Willow over Zoom regarding the issues with the p-values.

This homework is attempting to reproduce the results from Corral2018. In the paper, they use a dataset about earthquakes, and they use the ks test to determine whether or not they will reject the null hypothesis that the two samples come from the same parent distribution. This homework is aimed to learn about statistical analysis tests (specifically the ks test). When the p-value is less than or equal to alpha, some pre-chosen threshold value, it shows there is significant evidence that allows you to reject the null hypothesis. Otherwise, there is not enough evidence to reject the null hypothesis, so you fail to reject it. The basic process in the paper was that first we manipulated the data to get the correct magnitude range, datetime format, calculate the time between consecutive earthquakes, and select the data in the "stationary" years. Then we explore the data and get rid of the time gap outliers (using gaps>1 month as that threshold). Lastly, we rescale and normalize the gaps data twice and run it through iterations of ks tests, and compare the resulting statistic and p-values to determine whether the null hypothesis can be rejected or if it fails to be rejected.

The hardest part of this homework for me was the final part of the assignment. There is an error somewhere because the outcomes produced from my code are drastically different than those in the paper. Many of the p-values I got are to the order of e-10-ish. Trying to troubleshoot was unsuccessful.

I found that the easiest part of the assignment for me was the data exploration part. Producing histograms is not a particularly difficult task, and the conceptual statistics questions did not present a huge amount of difficulty for me as well since it is a familiar concept to me.

I tried to use this as an opportunity to practice different ways of doing the same task. For example, when I first was doing the normalizing/trimming process I did it step-by-step, but once I had that I challenged myself to consolidate and rewrite it as a function. As Python is still pretty new to me, I feel I learned a lot about Python syntax in general, and how to create Python functions.
